Do not provoke the Lord God to anger
Otherwise, even if the king comes in person
You can't keep your operation, don't worry.
What are you doing here?
Of course, Longyuan asked me to come
Is there a problem?
Ye Longyuan asked you to come here
Do you know what this place is?
Of course I know.
Villa Kyushu No.1
The dwelling place of the Lord God
Ye Longyuan dares to call you here
This is blasphemy
I must convict him
Who are you, my man?
You're right, you're right
Why are you stopping me?
I am the God of Fire under the throne of the Holy King Qinglan
Now I am responsible for the safety of the Lord God's residence
You can't go in there.
Are you a god?
Why can't you enter if you say you can't enter?
Just because I am the flaming god of war in Tiananmen Kunlun Temple
Are you qualified?
Long Yue Ye Long Yue, come out soon
Long Yue Ye Long Yue, come out Long Yue
Dragon moon